TWA - Feb 19, 2004
    We wanted to throw out our NT4.0/Exchange 5.5 combo, and we wanted to
    see if we could build the replacement with open source software. If
    nothing else, we techies would piss off some of the powerpoint heads.
    Someone pointed us to qmail, and an innocent little link on one of
    Bernstein's pages introduced me to Mr. Simerson here ;)

    We ran the version 1.7 toaster on an old P166 with 32MB RAM for over a
    year without a single incident (and no spam and virusfiltering). We had
    about ten accounts on the box, each subscribed to every high volume
    mailing list we could find. In all, the little scrapped PC received over
    300.000 mails that year, and most of them were forwarded to other
    accounts both on and off the server as part of the testing. That disk
    swapped like there was no tomorrow...

    The toaster is a very hands-off kind of system, something I highly
    appreciate after being in the sysadmin trenches for nearly 15 years. The
    fact that Matt run live toasters also helps. You just know that every
    new little widget and knob on new toasters are useful one way or
    another.

     "What the hell happened to all the spam ?!?" 
     - some guy in my company

hertie - 02 Feb 2004
    I simply gave it a shot and was very surprised that all of a sudden I
    had a working mailserver at my disposal without knowing what I was
    doing..

    Just the kind of user you like on a support forum, eh?

chny - 02 Feb 2004
    It came highly recomended by a friend I trust who run email servers
    with, compared to my setup, very many users.

    After having batteled trough the install back then I got kind of hooked
    seeing as it's mostly a "do and forget" setup.

    Stability is also nice and the features it supports, allthough appearing
    to me as a whee bit undocumentet at times, are great.

    Mail list support is also great and the general knowledge of the list
    combined is very impressive.

    Friendlyness in the comunity is also a great aspect of this project.
    Continuous support and possiblity to actually buy expertise is
    reassuring for those who use it (me not included). Even for us who
    doesn't actually use your purchased services, it's comforting to know
    that people actually do and find your time worth their money. This puts
    some weight behind the project.

    The fact that it's activly developed is also really great.

Robert C
    I had always needed to install everything manually on all new machines.
    It took some time to install FreeBSD, update everything, install all the
    programs, make sure all the configs are correct, etc. But with the
    toaster I wrote a script to do all this for me based on your toaster
    setup. It automates it. All I have to do now is install FreeBSD via
    CDROM, then put the script on the box and execute. I can then walk away
    and come back later to a completely running machine. (Things of course
    have to be tweaked for this to work). If a one word answer was required,
    it would simply be "time." Thanks matt! =]

Adam
    Having never built high-traffic mail server before, I was looking for
    something that would grow with our company. The mail server I was tasked
    to build had to be stable and perform well. After doing a ton of
    research into mail servers that supported virtual domains, I came across
    Matt's Toaster. I evaluated the toaster and it met each of our
    requirements. It's proven to be extremely stable, easy to upgrade and
    configure, feature-rich and a strong performer under load. We eventually
    moved the toaster into production and haven't looked back since.

krueger
    Why repeat someones good work? Matt's toaster script had some features I
    wanted and by all mean it saved me time not to figure out the quirks to
    make them work. I'm a long time FreeBSD fan and now Apple OSX. Gives me
    more time to work on XF86 drivers.

